Doctor Ye, you have to save my brother
He suddenly went into a coma.
Seven or eight private doctors in the family are helpless
Did Master Duan see anyone today?
He went out today
When I came back, I passed out not long after.
Young Master Duan's vitality is weak now
What to do then?
Doctor Ye, you have to save my brother
My brother was fine yesterday
Why did this suddenly happen today?
What disease does my brother have?
Master Duan is not sick
He was poisoned
Poisoned again
The poison this time
It's much tougher than the last time Duan Hui gave your dad
And they're hard to spot.
The average doctor can't find it at all
It's poisoned
Is there any salvation?
If there is help, I will force the poison in his body now
Then hurry up and get distorted.